Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.
The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.
When the menace known as the Joker emerges from his mysterious past, he wreaks havoc and chaos on the people. Batman must accept psychological and physical tests of his ability to fight injustice.
In German-occupied Poland during World War II, Oskar Schindler gradually becomes concerned for his Jewish workforce after witnessing their persecution by the Nazi Germans.
The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster's wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.
A meek Hobbit from the Shire and eight companions set out on a journey to destroy the powerful One Ring and save Middle-earth from the Dark Lord Sauron.
Two mutants come to a private academy for their kind whose resident superhero team must oppose a terrorist organization with similar powers.
WWII American Army Medic, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people, and becomes the first man in American history to receive the Medal of Honor without firing a shot.
A cowboy doll is profoundly threatened and jealous when a new spaceman figure supplants him as top toy in a boy's room.
The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, Vietnam, Watergate, and other history unfold through the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75.
Wookiee and two droids save the galaxy from the Empire's world-destroying battle-station, while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the evil Darth Vader.
A thief, who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology, is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a CEO.
Earth's mightiest heroes must come together and learn to fight as a team if they are going to stop the mischievous Loki and his alien army from enslaving humanity.
A computer hacker learns from mysterious rebels about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.
An American military advisor embraces the Samurai culture he was hired to destroy after he is captured in battle.
A genetics researcher with a tragic past, suffers an accident that causes him to transform into a raging green monster when he gets angry.
An ancient struggle between two Cybertronian races, the heroic Autobots and the evil Decepticons, comes to Earth, with a clue to the ultimate power held by a teenager.
A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims.
After training with his mentor, He begins his fight to free crime-ridden City from the corruption that Scarecrow and the League of Shadows have cast upon it.
Officer of the NYPD, tries to save his wife Holly Gennaro and several others that were taken hostage by German terrorist Hans Gruber during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.
A team of explorers travel through a wormhole in space in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival.
When a Roman General is betrayed, and his family murdered by an emperor's corrupt son, he comes to Rome as a gladiator to seek revenge.
Allied soldiers from Belgium, the British Empire and France are surrounded by the German Army, and evacuated during a fierce battle in World War II.
When two kids find and play a magical board game, they release a man trapped for decades in it and a host of dangers that can only be stopped by finishing the game.
After a tragic accident, two stage magicians engage in a battle to create the ultimate illusion while sacrificing everything they have to outwit each other.







